well howdy there internet people is bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
president donald j trump's
response to the democratic national
convention
specifically he was his response to one
person who spoke
who certainly didn't bother him
last night if you don't know former
first lady
michelle obama kind of took
center stage she in summation said the
president was in over his head
and that it is what it is as soon as she
said it
we all knew we would be treated to the
president tweeting this morning
lashing out and that happened
um a couple of times
in a short period of time
his advisors probably told him it was a
bad idea to direct
address her directly so we have tweets
like this
somebody please explain to michelle
obama that donald j
trump you know nothing says you're
secure
and not narcissistic like referring to
yourself in the third person
that donald j trump would not be here in
the beautiful white house
if it weren't for the job done by your
husband barack obama
because she needed that clarified
okay that now president trump is in the
white house because he gathered a
coalition of low
information uneducated voters and told
them to be afraid
he played on fear that's why he's there
make no mistake about it
he wasn't running against obama that
that wasn't happening
um obama
fulfilled two terms
he apparently understood something the
current president doesn't and that
that's all you can do
so that that's how he wound up there it
wasn't
because of the obama administration not
really it was because he gathered a
group of
uneducated racist white supporters
that's what happened
and then continuing to go after the
obama administration
please everybody remember he's not
running against president obama
he uh takes them to task for uh
their response to a public health issue
you know because trump's facing one
and he said that their response was
considered to be
weak and pathetic check out the polling
it's really bad the big difference is
that they got a free
pass from the corrupt fake news media
now the big difference is about 160 000
people
that's the big difference the fact that
the current president of the united
states is looking at poll numbers
rather than the number lost should tell
you a whole lot
he doesn't care about you he never did
he doesn't care about your well-being
your job or anything else he only cares
about how he can use that
to serve himself sadly the president is
so incompetent he doesn't realize
that his poll numbers are a reflection
of the 160
000 extra people
the next one the obama biden
one word administration was
the most corrupt in history including
the fact that they got caught spying on
my campaign
all capital letters so you know he's not
upset and bothered
the biggest political scandal in the
history of our country it's called
treason
and more thank you for your kind words
michelle
because i'm totally not angry inventing
because i can't do anything about it
no it's not called treason that's not
treason
once again the president of the united
states is showing that he has never read
the constitution or doesn't understand
it article 3 is really clear on this
treason is levying war against the
united states
not hurting the current president's
feelings
even if all of the allegations that
trump was making against the obama
administration were true
it's still not treason
and then in perhaps the weirdest
deflection
i have ever seen in my life
many thousands of people work for our
government with that said
a former disgruntled employee all
capital letters
named miles taylor who i do not know
never heard of him
said he left and is on the open
arms fake news circuit whatever that
means
said to be a real stiff they will take
anyone against us
i'm not sure that admitting you you
don't know
the department of homeland security's
chief of staff is quite the flex you
think it is mr president
it kind of lends credibility to the idea
that you don't take national security
seriously
this is definitely somebody you should
have met once or twice
i've never met him um but you know i'm
not president i know some people who
have
and yeah i guess from there uh
from their depiction of them he is kind
of stiff he's
very calm and very bland which is kind
of his entire job
as chief of staff because he has to get
a whole bunch of different personalities
to work well together
something you've failed to do mr
president
people forget how divided our country
was under obama biden
the anger and hatred were unbelievable
i'm not joking he tweeted this they
shouldn't be lecturing
us i'm here as your president
man um
i don't remember constant demonstrations
in the street or quite as many cities
being on fire at the same time
the same number of people being
marginalized i don't remember democrats
flocking to help republicans get elected
i i don't i do remember the president
president obama um being re-elected
yeah there were people that had issues
with him
with the exception of racists they were
over his policies
i had issues with some of his policies
the level of hatred and divisiveness
nowhere near the same
not even close not even the same league
um
the president the current president is
in the oval office
because he divided america that was his
strategy it's still his strategy
his whole goal is to gather a group
of low-information uneducated voters and
tell them to fear
everything be fair afraid of the brown
person
the leftist though anybody that he
thinks that they don't understand
that's what he's doing
if you're one of his target audience
please take a moment
and try to define the words you're
afraid of
if you don't know what they are it's
probably because he's playing on your
ignorance
that's his whole thing he's trying to
con gullible people if you fall for it
you are gullible he's not a good leader
he can't handle a crisis he can't even
handle the former first lady teasing him
he doesn't take national security
seriously obviously
he's not going to be able to protect you
from whatever it is he tells you to be
afraid of
he's a failure he's low performing
that's the
reason he's lashing out like a halo 3
player
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day